Log update Ver 1:
	1st saved progress.
	Last modify: Make the app (On startup) open the defualt saved file to specific window based on its type mode.

Log update Ver 2:
	2nd  saved progress.
	Last modify: Make the user open which saved file to start with instead of automatically open the defualt saved file.
	
Log update Ver 3:
	3rd saved progress.
	Last modify: Add more control variables to improve the code, add variables related to the language chioce to add multiple languages in future, and add some explaination comments in the variables sections.
	
Log update Ver 4:
	4th saved progress.
	Last modify: Partially support Arabic and English, improve the code structure (specifically convert veriables from method to class), and remain Arabic pop up window.

Log update Ver 5:
	5th saved progress.
	Last modify: Improve the consistent changes of theme and language between verious windows at one run via button, open menu, save menu, or save as menu, and remian move to specific window type and its consistence.

Log update Ver 6:
	6th saved progress.
	Last modify: Fully support Arabic and English languages (excluding Arabic changes of open and save dialog names' buttons and file name text due to using FileChooser dialogs), cannot resolve bold text in alert dialogs (help and about dialogs) without destroy the appearance of the dialog.
	
Log update Ver 7:
	7th saved progress.
	Last modify: Improve the consistent changes of theme and language between verious windows at one run via button, open menu, save menu, or save as menu, improve moving to specific window based on type and its consistence, and saved as extenstion format.
	
Log update Ver 8:
	8th saved progress.
	Last modify: Resolve the bold text issue in alert dialogs related to the mentioned issue in the log update Ver 6, and discover issue in the mentioned solution of the consistence of theme when moving between windows in the log update Ver 7.
	
log update Ver 9:
	9th saved progress.
	Last modify: Resolve the consistence of theme when moving between windows related to the mentioned issue in the log update Ver 8, add the first core feature which is standard mode organize (besed on extenstion format).
	
Log update Ver 10:
	10th saved progress.
	Last modify: Read info from important info file to extract the way to organize the data based on my customized mode (editable info) which in general will help me to complete customized modes organize (based of the user's customized choice ) (it is temporary in recommendedUI class), and improve saved files in which each of contains two files saved setting file (ends with .fo), and important info file which is useful for recommended and customized modes (ends with .ifoi).
	
Log update Ver 11:
	11th saved progress.
	Last modify: Improve the help settings in recommended mode, make sure the user saved setting in correct type mode by adding variable to control of it, transfer the extract feature to customizedUI class, and put the bases to work on recommended mode by using fixed info.
	
Log update Ver 12:
	12th saved progress.
	Last modify: Add the second core feature which is recommended mode organize (besed on my recommendednded format by fixed info), style buttons in popup windows, start work on custom window.

Log update Ver 13:
	13th saved progress.
	Last modify: Add custom dialog with most of initials ideas excluding ok and upload buttons.

Log update Ver 14:
	14th saved progress.
	Last modify: Improve custom dialog fuctionalities (remaining upload and ok alert caution if there is updated data), add no update data when press back button or press open option and choose file, and edit some spelling and grammar errors around various windows.
	
Log update Ver 15:
	15th saved progress.
	Last modify: Make save customization in custom dialog in saved file (ends with ifoi) when press either save or save as in customized mode, and make caution alert when it is updated in custom dialog and press ok button.
	
Log update Ver 16:
	16th saved progress.
	Last modify: Complete checking for errors in format ifoi file when extract Info, make upload feature, compelte small popup info for error input name, resolve the issue when save and save as and open again in saved file (ends with ifoi [new line at the end]), complete organize button in customized mode.
	
Log update Ver 17:
	17th saved progress.
	Last modify: Make help dialog in customized mode, and make caution dialog when successfully upload customized saved file.
	
Log update Ver 18:
	18th saved progress.
	Last modify: Create module-info.java to remove VM arguments, update change language open in the middle.
	
Log update Ver 19:
	19th saved progress:
	Last modify: Add Rename feature in custom dialog, and comvert my project to gradle Project
	
Upcoming after Ver 14:
	1. Save setting in customised mode. (done)
	2. Save as setting in customised mode. (done)
	3. Check for errors in format ifoi file when extract Info. (done)
	4. OK button alert caution in custom dialog. (done)
	5. Upload feature in custom dialog. (done)
	6. Small popup info for error input name. (done)
	7. help dialog in customized mode. (done)
	8. organize in customized mode (done)
